Lets streamline the emulation sequence

WIN 11, WIN 10 x64 tested

*requirements
-note editor of your preference "notepad" "note++" will do just fine
-download "autohotkey" 
-download "bat to exe converter"

Lets Start
I will not provide any games you must source your own.

In the files provided i will include an "f11.ahk" file this will remain untouched.

Edit the ".bat" file  with the note editor to include the paths to the following.
-path to "xenia.exe"
-path to "default.xex" this should be in your games contents root
-path to "f11.ahk"
once editing ".bat" file is complete save and exit notepad, we are done with the ".bat"
file for now. we will be coming back to this later, when we make the ".exe" file.

Assuming you installed "autohotkey" from its source you will need to run "f11.ahk" once
it may be an outdated version, once you run the "f11.ahk" file once it should display a 
message that states there is a newer prerequisite or new version available, download and it
should install automatically. hit exit on the following window we are now complete with this 
portion of the process.

Now lets move on over to the "bat to exe converter" assuming you have already installed it open
it up then hit the icon "open" locate the ".bat" file from the start of this tutorial and open, 
now you can hit "convert" and this will create a ".exe" file just specify where you'd like to 
save the ".exe" file maybe on the "Desktop". If you waited and read there is still an optional 
step not necessary but it makes everything much more clean. To the right side of the program 
"bat to exe converter" there's a setting called "exe-format" click on it and select 
"32 bit | console(invisible)" or "64 bit | console(invisible)" this will hide the cmd window that
pops up along side the execution of the ".exe" file if you dont mind an extra window open you 
can skip this last step altogether.

You have successfully created a single file executable that can be placed anywhere on your desktop
if you use "STEAM" you can simply add it to your games list for a more streamlined environment or 
you can simply keep it on the desktop for easy accessibility, and with that we are FINISHED, ENJOY!


*PS
-If you have more than 1 folder containing ".xex" files edit the "Xenia bat creation for xex.bat" 
this will read through all folders containing ".xex" files and create a folder called "Bootfiles" 
ensuring the out put path reads like "C:\User\YourProfile\Location\You\Want\BootFiles" just make sure 
the "\Bootfiles" is added to the end of the path this will automatically create a directory and put 
all ".bat" files in it.

in order for this to work you might need to rename "default.xex" to another name as all files will
automatically be converted to ".bat" files and by default ".xex" files are all called "default.xex 
ensuring you wrote the ".bat" file correctly double-clicking said file should launch Xenia just 
close and do the rest of the instructions listed above.

If you do not create a "Bootfiles" folder look through your output directory if its set to scan 
multiple directories the ".bat" file may be in the games content folder or another location you 
set the output path to. 
ex: (game folder containing xex file) "default.xex" "default.bat"

Additionally you might need to edit path to autohotkey if f11 function does not automate in final 
".exe" format so locate the path to "Autohotkey.exe" in my provided ".bat" file i have included the 
path to the "x64" version of the ".exe" file if this path does not work adjust to your PC's correct path

Repackaged by NOBODY
